.TH UN2HTML 1 "-VERSION- - 2.1.1.2" -PACKAGE- 
.SH NAME
UN2HTML -
Convert unity to HTML
.SH SYNOPSIS
un2html [-I<Dfile_name>] [-M<mr_cgi>] [-C<carod_cgi>] [-i<imr_cgi>] [-A<CARES_cgi>] [-t<TABLE_options> [<anames> in] <UNITY database> [<UNITY_where_clause>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Convert a unity database to a HTML table, that can be read by netscape.
.sp
The un2html program provides a printout of a UNITY table in
HTML form for those records that satisfy the where condition. 
.sp
The following table constructs will be generated
.nf
<TABLE  [TABLE options] >
<TH [TH options]> attribute header data </TH>
<TR>
<TD [TD options]> attribute data 1 </TD>
  ..
<TD [TD options]> attribute data n </TD>
<TR> 
  ..
</TABLE>
.fi
.sp
The 'TABLE options can be specified via the -t option on the command line.
The TD and TH option can be specified per attribute. See 'Attribute options'
section.
.SH ATTRIBUTE OPTIONS
After the attributes (anames) options can be specified using special 
characters according the following syntax:
.SP
<attribute>[:<TH option>][!<TD option>][@<href spec>][^<Template spec>]
.SP
The options need always to be specified in the above given order.
.SP
.IP :<th_options> 5
.sp
Specify the TH directive options e.g. <ALIGN=center>.
.IP !<td_options> 5
.sp
Specify the TD directive options e.g. <ALIGN=left>.
.IP @<href_spec> 5
.sp
If a href_spec is given, the field will become a hyper link: 
.br
<a href="[href_spec]">attribute value</a>
.sp
In the href_spec all attributes can also be used from the current tuple
by specifying the attribute name via ${<aname>}.
(The {} should be present, so the $ is not allowed without the {}). '${%}'
is a shorthand reference to the current attribute [part].
.sp
un2html tidnum stat@'cgi-bin/tst.cgi?tid=${tidnum}&stat=${%}' title in tstdb
.sp
Special dummy href specs can be given: %IC, %I, %C, %M.
.br
The behavior is equal as the normal @<href> construct except for every item
in a ',' separated list the expansion is done. The current part of the 
attribute should be referenced as ${%}.
.sp
IMR nr processing.
When %I is specified the href spec from the -i option is used.
.sp
MR nr processing.
When %M is specified the href spec from the -M option is used.
.sp
CAROD nr processing.
When %C is specified the href spec from the -C option is used.
.sp
CARES AR nr processing.
When %A is specified the href spec from the -A option is used.
.sp
IMR/CAROD/CARES nr processing.
When %IC or %ICAis specified one of the href specs specified from -C or
-i or -A option is selected. If the current attribute value has 6 digits and
does not start with a 9 it is regarded as an IMR number. Else it is regarded
as an carod number. If this carod number is 6 digits and starts with a 9;
this 9 will be replaced with IH. If the carod number is 5 digits IH will
be added. 
.SP
In case the IMR number starts with a 0 it is assumed to be a CARES AR ticket
with 1-00<nr>   eg 012345 translates to 1-0012345
.sp
In other cases the carod number will be unchanged.
.sp
un2html -i 'cgi-bin/imr.cgi?imr=${%}&gen=${pcc}' imrno@%I pcc abstr in imrdb
.sp
The ^ and @ options are mutual exclusive.!
.IP ^<template> 5
The template will be the output. In the template the ${<aname>} construct can
be used to insert attributes. (See href_spec for more details).
The template can can be used e.g. to enclose the value by html tokens:
.br
un2html  imr 'abstract^<FONT SIZE="-1">${%}</FONT>' in imrdata
.sp
The ^ and @ options are mutual exclusive.!
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -h 5
Give help
.IP -Ii<data_file> 5
Specification of a Dfile. Give here the name of the data file corresponding
to the D file to use.  (The D file is constructed from the name of the
data file - the data file doesn't actually have to exist.
.IP -t<Table_directive_options> 5
This option can be used if extra options need to be specified in the
<TABLE options> directive, e.g. '-t border' to make a boxed table.
.IP -i<imr_cgi> 5
Specify the IMR cgi script definition (See @ attribute directive).
.IP -M<mr_cgi> 5
Specify the MR cgi script definition (See @ attribute directive).
.IP -C<crd_cgi> 5
Specify the CAROD cgi script definition (See @ attribute directive).
.IP -A<cares_cgi> 5
Specify the CARES AR cgi script definition (See @ attribute directive).
.SH EXAMPLE
$un2html -t'border width=80%' owner:align=center!align=center fa in RTP
.br
  where owner leq rdh >> out.html
.sp
$un2html -i'imr.cgi?imrno=${%}' -C'crd.cgi?crd=${%}' test 
.br
  status@'status.cgi?tidnum=${test}' imrno@%IC >> out.html
.sp
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS

